chore: add engine clause to package.json (#9008)
keymanapp/keyman: docs/build/linux-ubuntu.md

sudo mk-build-deps --install linux/debian/control
```

### Node.js

> Node.js v18 is required for the core build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node.js v18 is required for Core build, Web tests, and Developer command line tools.
```

I think I'd like to spend a day on the dev docs at some point to get them consistent once more -- the Win/mac docs also need this info...
